# Zomato Clone App using Expo

## Overview

Welcome to the Zomato Clone App! This app is built using Expo, a popular framework for building cross-platform mobile applications. The purpose of this clone is to provide users with a similar experience to the Zomato app, allowing them to browse and explore restaurants, view menus, and even place orders.

## Features

### 1. User Authentication

- **Sign Up and Login:** Users can create accounts using their email or social media accounts and log in securely.

### 2. Restaurant Exploration

- **Browse Restaurants:** Users can explore a list of restaurants based on various criteria such as location, cuisine, and ratings.

- **Search Functionality:** A powerful search feature enables users to find specific restaurants or cuisines easily.

### 3. Restaurant Details

- **View Menus:** Users can view detailed menus for each restaurant, including prices and descriptions for each dish.

- **Restaurant Ratings and Reviews:** Users can see ratings and reviews from other customers to make informed decisions.

### 4. Ordering System

- **Add to Cart:** Users can add dishes to their cart and review their selections before placing an order.

- **Payment Integration:** Secure payment options are provided to facilitate smooth transactions.

### 5. User Profiles

- **User Dashboard:** Users have access to a personalized dashboard where they can track their order history and manage their preferences.

## Getting Started

To run the Zomato Clone App on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/zomato-clone.git


## Install Dependencies:

```bash
Copy code
cd zomato-clone
npm install
```

### Run the App:

```bash
Copy code
expo start
``` 

### Scan QR Code:
Use the Expo Go app on your mobile device to scan the QR code generated by Expo DevTools.

## Tech Stack
* Expo: A framework for building React Native applications.
* React Navigation: Used for navigating between screens.
* Firebase: Backend services for authentication and data storage.
* Redux: State management for a predictable and scalable application.


## Contribution Guidelines
We welcome contributions to enhance the Zomato Clone App. Follow these guidelines:

1. Fork the repository and create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
2. Make changes and submit a pull request, explaining the purpose and functionality of your contribution.
## License
This Zomato Clone App is open-source and available under the MIT License.